
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000729                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   728722500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  728722500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                              162031375                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 277108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 79470                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 78418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 80729                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 80022                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 80096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 78976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 78470                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 78262                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               634443                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       400000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5444                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5473                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5390                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5369                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5494                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5433                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5395                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            443379                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  11115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  11100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  10733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  10934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  11041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5444                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5390                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5369                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5433                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5395                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                49629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                109053858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                107610236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                110781539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                109811348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                109912896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                108375959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                107681593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                107396162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               870623591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         548905791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                 7384155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                 7470608                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                 7510403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                 7396506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                 7367688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                 7539221                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                 7455513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                 7403367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              608433251                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         548905791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               116438013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               115080844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               118291942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               117207853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               117280583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               115915180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               115137106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               114799529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1479056843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54791                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.087405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.593789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      394.087405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.769702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.769702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337290                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23639                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23639                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0   1016702315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1016702315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    918792240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    918792240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1935494555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1935494555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1935494555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1935494555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          45409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         24750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.808804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.955111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.860417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.860417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 27682.694339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27682.694339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 38867.644147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38867.644147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 32062.660355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32062.660355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 32062.660355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32062.660355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1074391                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61970                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.337276                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23639                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23639                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    960514497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    960514497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    882874166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    882874166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1843388663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1843388663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1843388663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1843388663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    755586835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    755586835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1939842714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1939842714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   2695429549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2695429549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.808804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.955111                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955111                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.860417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.860417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 26152.816647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26152.816647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 37348.202800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37348.202800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 30536.869480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30536.869480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 30536.869480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30536.869480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99410                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55132                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.820804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      393.820804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.769181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.769181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338268                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338268                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23897                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23897                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1   1020722242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1020722242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    921634198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    921634198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1942356440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1942356440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1942356440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1942356440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         25068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.807369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.859352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.859352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 27909.174582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27909.174582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 38566.941373                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38566.941373                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 32120.992889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32120.992889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 32120.992889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32120.992889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1066797                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61607                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.316165                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    964784026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    964784026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    885327122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885327122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1850111148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850111148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1850111148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850111148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    740106955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    740106955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1954561172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1954561172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   2694668127                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2694668127                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.807369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.859352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.859352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 26379.679709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26379.679709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 37047.626146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37047.626146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 30595.520886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30595.520886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 30595.520886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30595.520886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99274                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          54884                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.843880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.594172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      393.843880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.769226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.769226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337451                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           23816                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23816                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2   1014308258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1014308258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    924910230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    924910230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1939218488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1939218488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1939218488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1939218488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         24950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.805324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.954549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.858345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.858345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 27822.043997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27822.043997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 38835.666359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38835.666359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 32173.916812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32173.916812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 32173.916812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32173.916812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1061117                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61178                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.344748                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        23816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    958559384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958559384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    888663772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    888663772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1847223156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1847223156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1847223156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1847223156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    735013046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    735013046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1939097223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1939097223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   2674110269                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2674110269                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.805324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.954549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.858345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.858345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 26292.876101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26292.876101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 37313.729090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37313.729090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 30647.605993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30647.605993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 30647.605993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30647.605993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99869                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54874                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.431339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.581441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      393.431339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.768421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              336829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             336829                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3   1012578921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1012578921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    920459168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    920459168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1933038089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1933038089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1933038089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1933038089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         24916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.808274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.954728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.860387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.860387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 27773.847194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27773.847194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 38694.264671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38694.264671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 32085.749909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32085.749909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 32085.749909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32085.749909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1072737                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61848                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.344732                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    956791627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    956791627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    884289164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    884289164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1841080791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1841080791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1841080791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1841080791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    756050699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    756050699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1926314708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1926314708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   2682365407                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2682365407                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.808274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.954728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.860387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.860387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 26243.667426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26243.667426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 37173.749958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37173.749958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 30559.386366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30559.386366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 30559.386366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30559.386366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98774                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          54829                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22505                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             395.050000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.583566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      395.050000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.771582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.771582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.802734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           24001                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24001                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4   1017641988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1017641988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    934552595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    934552595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1952194583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1952194583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1952194583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1952194583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         25210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.810628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.810628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.952043                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952043                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.861370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.861370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 27866.859850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27866.859850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 38938.069039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38938.069039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 32257.548588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32257.548588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 32257.548588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32257.548588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1063629                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.302377                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        24001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    961775196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    961775196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    898026173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898026173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1859801369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1859801369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1859801369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1859801369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    728267014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    728267014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1921671690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1921671690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   2649938704                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2649938704                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.810628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.810628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.952043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.861370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.861370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 26337.017252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26337.017252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 37416.198200                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37416.198200                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 30730.867480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30730.867480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 30730.867480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30730.867480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99305                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          54996                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.380527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.582792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      394.380527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.770274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337468                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23798                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23798                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5   1015127570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1015127570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    927119253                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    927119253                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1942246823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1942246823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1942246823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1942246823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         24959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.808934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.953484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.860343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.860343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 27750.890377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27750.890377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 38957.864232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38957.864232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 32168.121220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32168.121220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 32168.121220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32168.121220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1066593                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61522                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.336774                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    959195658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    959195658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    890981649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    890981649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1850177307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850177307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1850177307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850177307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    738489342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    738489342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1963680665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1963680665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   2702170007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2702170007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.808934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.953484                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953484                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 26221.860525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26221.860525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 37439.349903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37439.349903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 30643.236063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30643.236063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 30643.236063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30643.236063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99342                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          54737                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.125800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.601155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      393.125800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.767824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337855                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337855                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6   1017275565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1017275565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    923819144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    923819144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1941094709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1941094709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1941094709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1941094709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         24959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.805980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.858441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.858441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 27830.913903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27830.913903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 38807.777526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38807.777526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 32160.225144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32160.225144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 32160.225144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32160.225144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1069531                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61695                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.335781                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    961362717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    961362717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    887609672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    887609672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1848972389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1848972389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1848972389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1848972389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    744037855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    744037855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1951627727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1951627727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   2695665582                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2695665582                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.805980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953764                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953764                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.858441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.858441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 26301.234324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26301.234324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 37286.690695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37286.690695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 30633.934573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30633.934573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 30633.934573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30633.934573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99062                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          54686                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22200                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.753023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      394.753023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.771002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.771002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.763672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337139                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23790                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23790                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7   1009807130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1009807130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    916976125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    916976125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1926783255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1926783255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1926783255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1926783255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         24972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.807556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.952667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.859229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.859229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 27691.743816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27691.743816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 38544.603825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38544.603825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 31976.620668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31976.620668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 31976.620668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31976.620668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1063264                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61445                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.304321                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    953998318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    953998318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    880753723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    880753723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1834752041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1834752041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1834752041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1834752041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    752742732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    752742732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1947143716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1947143716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   2699886448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2699886448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.807556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.952667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.859229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.859229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 26161.309658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26161.309658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 37022.014418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37022.014418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 30449.283739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30449.283739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 30449.283739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30449.283739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    13121                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  779.163229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     150276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    13897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    10.813557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     725.457797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             6.718013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             6.568954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             6.219418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             6.731947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.474998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             6.998802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             6.991847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             7.001453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.708455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.006561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.006415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.006074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.006574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.006323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.006835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.006828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.760902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          566                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  1961425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 1961425                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0                   10794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1                   10766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2                   10683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3                   10661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4                   10692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5                   10671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6                   10889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7                   10673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                  85829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           75598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                75598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  353                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  323                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  342                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  334                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  356                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  330                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  361                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  346                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2745                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1821                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1892                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1947                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1893                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1947                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1922                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1886                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1863                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                15171                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  101000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12630                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12593                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12775                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12536                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 101000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0                   705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1                   721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2                   716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3                   685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4                   694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5                   690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6                   691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7                   715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                 5617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1952                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               1935                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               1970                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               1832                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               1968                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               1954                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               1963                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               1919                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15493                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4418                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4348                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4457                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4501                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4407                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4373                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              35289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 40906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5088                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                40906                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0        42571447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1        44584934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2        43709432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3        42098938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4        42802932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5        42467936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6        42434429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7        44394419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      345064467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     57799000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     58024000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     57179999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     53990500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     56201500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     57084499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     56659000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     56222499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    453160997                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     241579958                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     237098460                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     238347956                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     243950461                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     243322462                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     246152957                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     241076464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     238492966                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1930021684                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        284151405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        281683394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        282057388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        286049399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        286125394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        288620893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        283510893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        282887385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2275086151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       284151405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       281683394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       282057388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       286049399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       286125394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       288620893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       283510893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       282887385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2275086151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0               11499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1               11487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2               11399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3               11346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4               11386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5               11361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6               11580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7               11388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total              91446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        75598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            75598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2305                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2258                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2312                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2166                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2284                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2265                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18238                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6230                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6394                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6423                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            50460                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                17780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              141906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               17780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             141906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0           0.061310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1           0.062767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2           0.062813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3           0.060374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4           0.060952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5           0.060734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6           0.059672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7           0.062785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.061424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.846855                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.856953                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.852076                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.845799                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.846816                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.855517                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.844664                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.847241                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.849490                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.708126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.696308                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.690707                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.701890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.695496                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.700763                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.700302                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.701251                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.699346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.288815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.285545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.286199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.290574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.289145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.291892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.285235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.288697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.288261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.288815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.285545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.286199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.290574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.289145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.291892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.285235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.288697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.288261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 60385.031206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 61837.633842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 61046.692737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 61458.303650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 61675.694524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 61547.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 61410.172214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 62090.096503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61432.164323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 29610.143443                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 29986.563307                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 29025.380203                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 29470.796943                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 28557.672764                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 29214.175537                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 28863.474274                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 29297.810839                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29249.402763                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 54680.841557                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 54656.168741                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 54817.837167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 54734.229527                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 54716.092197                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 54688.504110                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 54703.077831                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 54537.609421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54691.878036                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55465.821784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55679.658826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55698.536335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55629.988137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55655.591130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55600.249085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55612.179874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55598.935731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55617.419229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55465.821784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55679.658826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55698.536335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55629.988137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55655.591130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55600.249085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55612.179874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55598.935731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55617.419229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             10446                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     1464                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7.135246                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6250                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6250                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                  9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                  6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                  3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                  7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                  6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu0               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                   8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                  7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                  6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                  5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                  8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0              698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1              714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2              712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3              676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4              688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5              687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6              684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7              709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1951                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          1935                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          1970                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          1832                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          1968                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          1954                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          1963                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          1919                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15492                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4335                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4456                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4370                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         35274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            40842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           40842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     33845945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     35679430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     34970423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     33623934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     34265930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     34048934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     33977929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     35572914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275985439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     81779494                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     81207491                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     82576991                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     76840996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     82448987                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     81922493                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     82161995                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     80384488                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    649322935                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    187970446                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    184467447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    185588937                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    189921941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    189397436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    191605943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    187621956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    185423942                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1501998048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    221816391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    220146877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    220559360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    223545875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    223663366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    225654877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    221599885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    220996856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1777983487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    221816391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    220146877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    220559360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    223545875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    223663366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    225654877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    221599885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    220996856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1777983487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    420548415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    410318426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    408411942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    419559934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    403725937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    410458428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    413026934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    417703437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3303753453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    230815972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    233216955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    233429960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    229986451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    230895448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    235553969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    233378955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    230983963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1858261673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    651364387                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    643535381                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    641841902                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    649546385                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    634621385                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    646012397                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    646405889                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    648687400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5162015126                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.060701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.062157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.062462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.059580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.060425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.060470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.059067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.062259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.846421                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.856953                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.852076                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.845799                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.846816                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.855517                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.844664                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.847241                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849435                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.707806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.695827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.690230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.701732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.695496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.700452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.700143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.700770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.288308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.284981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.285803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.290009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.288808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.291610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.284787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.288187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.287810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.288308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.284981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.285803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.290009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.288808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.291610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.284787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.288187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 48489.892550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 49971.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 49115.762640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 49739.547337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 49805.130814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 49561.767103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 49675.334795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 50173.362482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49566.350395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 41916.706304                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 41967.695607                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 41917.254315                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 41943.775109                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 41894.810467                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 41925.533777                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 41855.320937                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 41888.737884                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41913.434999                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42565.771286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42553.044291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42713.219102                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42621.620512                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42589.933888                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42588.562569                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42583.285520                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42431.108009                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42580.882463                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43374.343176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43602.075064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43614.664821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43559.211808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43556.643817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43512.317200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43536.323183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43511.883442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43533.213040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43374.343176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43602.075064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43614.664821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43559.211808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43556.643817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43512.317200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43536.323183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43511.883442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43533.213040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        123722                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       121674                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               84424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            58661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           47649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             50299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       421575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 421575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1077818                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1077818                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            58193                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            123722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  123722    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              123722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           350831336                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              48.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          312389376                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             42.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       560254                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       259972                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       298234                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             371185                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            371180                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43379                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43375                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            75598                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29248                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29247                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           161278                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          161272                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                963055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1746802                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1746902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1761658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1751012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1764505                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1756981                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1763838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1750408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14042106                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          322707                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           560254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.690126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.177666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  52995      9.46%      9.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 250263     44.67%     54.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 141259     25.21%     79.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  69446     12.40%     91.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  30460      5.44%     97.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                  11695      2.09%     99.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                   3486      0.62%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                    650      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             560254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          719277462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             98.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         100586935                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         100589620                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         100255865                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         100593415                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         100466351                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         100465013                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         100397923                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         100485866                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
