
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.026746                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26746426000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                26746426000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 126640                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   250032                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              224279989                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 656856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   119.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    15102374                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      29817476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11055680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::l2.prefetcher     34155328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           45224576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     42525312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        42525312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          172745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::l2.prefetcher       533677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              706634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        664458                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             664458                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            507283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         413351675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::l2.prefetcher    1277005309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1690864267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       507283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           507283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1589943718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1589943718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1589943718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           507283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        413351675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::l2.prefetcher   1277005309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3280807985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      706634                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     664458                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    706634                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   664458                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               45224576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                42523328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                45224576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             42525312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             44171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             44158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             44113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             44128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             44120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             44153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             44163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             44199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             44191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             44211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            44281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            44235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            44201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            44164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            44077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            44069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             41493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             41485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             41485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             41483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             41486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             41490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             41578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             41594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             41579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             41572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            41574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            41574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            41587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            41508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            41472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            41467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   26746407500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                706634                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               664458                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  172798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  134451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  133611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  132789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                  132781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  28174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  28363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  28801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  32687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  32711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  32711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  32721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  32776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  33487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  37546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  32721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  32834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  48716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  34368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  79331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  54666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       138190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    634.977813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   492.801189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   369.982560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8706      6.30%      6.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6712      4.86%     11.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        48132     34.83%     45.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3381      2.45%     48.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2879      2.08%     50.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3107      2.25%     52.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2493      1.80%     54.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3599      2.60%     57.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        59181     42.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       138190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.601675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.485628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    149.632436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        32711    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         32712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      20.311883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     20.234913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.661109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3864     11.81%     11.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               32      0.10%     11.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              823      2.52%     14.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               84      0.26%     14.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              654      2.00%     16.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21            27026     82.62%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22              227      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         32711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  12787874046                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             26037261546                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3533170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18096.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36846.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1690.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1589.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1690.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1589.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        25.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    13.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   12.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       4.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   637827                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  595043                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      19507.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                521700480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                284658000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2754843000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2151936720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           1746903600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          10422614160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           6904973250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            24787629210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            926.777932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11163704596                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     893100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   14689237904                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                523000800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                285367500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2756746200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2153517840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           1746903600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          10585149660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           6762398250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            24813083850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            927.729648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10924539838                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     893100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   14928402662                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4423181                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4423181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            30630                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2641471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                2623546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            99.321401                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1160558                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               195                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  83                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                        53492855                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           5109103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      17426245                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4423181                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3784104                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     48332756                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  64464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2016                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5088349                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5693                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          53476287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.640564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.820968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                46736807     87.40%     87.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  380022      0.71%     88.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  395504      0.74%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  524469      0.98%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1216244      2.27%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1206571      2.26%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1351169      2.53%     96.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  818319      1.53%     98.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  847182      1.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            53476287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.082687                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.325768                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1145856                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             47963615                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2697950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1636634                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 32232                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              33406507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 32232                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1811587                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               11344040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          3284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3487691                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             36797453                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              33330093                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                19332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                531757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              35456253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           38581922                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             72613291                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        46851427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            22865                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             34291088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4290834                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               115                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           116                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 10103705                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1971537                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2909133                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           233691                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          272166                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  33075725                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              72280                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 31886236                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3328418                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4961844                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         20642                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53476287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.596269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.612216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           45854268     85.75%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             835194      1.56%     87.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             818992      1.53%     88.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             983476      1.84%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1106778      2.07%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1792568      3.35%     96.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1597950      2.99%     99.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             411510      0.77%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              75551      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53476287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 556678     87.63%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    5      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     87.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 42139      6.63%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                36460      5.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29762      0.09%      0.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             27108307     85.02%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3403      0.01%     85.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               116429      0.37%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               8141      0.03%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1839250      5.77%     91.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2780944      8.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              31886236                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.596084                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     635282                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.019923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         117844106                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         36455069                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     31830267                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              45208                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             22791                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22575                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              32469150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  22606                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1253579                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       321524                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1295                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1441                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       267273                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 32232                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                2335440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              8592864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           33148005                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1971537                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2909133                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               104                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 52582                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              8348190                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          1441                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         10378                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        27458                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               37836                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             31862244                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1835987                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            23992                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4612457                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4065448                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2776470                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.595636                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      31858276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     31852842                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 16751242                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 25804955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.595460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.649148                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3330532                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          51638                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            30801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     53044552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.562121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.706873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     46059500     86.83%     86.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       443544      0.84%     87.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2457224      4.63%     92.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       678202      1.28%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       356470      0.67%     94.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       731982      1.38%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       311776      0.59%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       578400      1.09%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1427454      2.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     53044552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            15102374                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              29817476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4291873                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1650013                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                      51554                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3941413                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     22523                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 29730133                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls             1139109                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        29313      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        25369526     85.08%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           3210      0.01%     85.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          115456      0.39%     85.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8098      0.03%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1650013      5.53%     91.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2641860      8.86%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         29817476                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1427454                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    84765106                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   66728589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          16568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   15102374                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     29817476                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.542016                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.542016                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.282325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.282325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                43694557                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               25172977                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22675                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17739                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 11561078                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                11212215                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               11865287                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                     1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           703171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1013.231225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2516079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           704195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.572986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       1390297250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1013.231225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.989484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          749                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7150125                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7150125                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       574799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         574799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1941280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1941280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2516079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2516079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2516079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2516079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         6337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       700549                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       700549                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       706886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        706886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       706886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       706886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    157097354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157097354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23334701650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23334701650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23491799004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23491799004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23491799004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23491799004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       581136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       581136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2641829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2641829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3222965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3222965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3222965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3222965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.265176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.265176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.219328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.219328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.219328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.219328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24790.492978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24790.492978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33309.164170                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33309.164170                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33232.797090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33232.797090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33232.797090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33232.797090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          497                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.700000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       703101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           703101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2690                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2690                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       700546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       700546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       704196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       704196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       704196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       704196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49475239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49475239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22265634598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22265634598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22315109837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22315109837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22315109837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22315109837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.265175                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265175                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.218493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.218493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13554.860000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13554.860000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31783.258484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31783.258484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31688.776757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31688.776757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31688.776757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31688.776757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               50                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          289.239332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            5087921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         14964.473529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   289.239332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.564921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.564921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.566406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         10177038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        10177038                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5087921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5087921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5087921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         5087921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5087921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        5087921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25729008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25729008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25729008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     25729008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25729008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     25729008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5088349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5088349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5088349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      5088349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5088349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      5088349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60114.504673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60114.504673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60114.504673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60114.504673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60114.504673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60114.504673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20548992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20548992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20548992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20548992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20548992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20548992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60438.211765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60438.211765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60438.211765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60438.211765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60438.211765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60438.211765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                 nan                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued          1062766                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified             1194144                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit               131374                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                     0                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.replacements                    673866                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 29305.924688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      534373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    705610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.757321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    28535.803846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        23.305593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         9.670837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::l2.prefetcher   737.144413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.870844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.000295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::l2.prefetcher     0.022496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.894346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022            15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2585                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        25874                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.000458                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968292                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12667252                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12667252                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                 127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                3565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    3692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           703101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                703101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            527881                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                527881                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               531446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   531573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              531446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  531573                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst               213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data                85                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          172665                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              172665                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             172750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 172963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            172750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                172963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18871742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8272739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        27144481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16022345599                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   16022345599                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18871742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16030618338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16049490080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18871742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16030618338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16049490080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst             340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                3990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       703101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            703101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        700546                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            700546                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           704196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               704536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          704196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              704536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.626471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.023288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.074687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.246472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.626471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.245315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.245499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.626471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.245315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.245499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88599.727700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97326.341176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91088.862416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92794.403029                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92794.403029                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88599.727700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92796.632926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92791.464533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88599.727700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92796.632926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92791.464533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               664458                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    664458                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::l2.prefetcher       533678                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total         533678                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       172660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         172660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        172745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            172957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       172745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::l2.prefetcher       533678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           706635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16172258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7212761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23385019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher  34283087738                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34283087738                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13916309401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13916309401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16172258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13923522162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13939694420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16172258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13923522162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher  34283087738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  48222782158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.623529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.074436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.623529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.245308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.245491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.623529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.245308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      1.002979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76284.235849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84856.011765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78737.437710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 64239.274877                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64239.274877                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80599.498442                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80599.498442                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76284.235849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80601.592880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80596.300930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76284.235849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80601.592880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 64239.274877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68242.844125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              533974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             533974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            664458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            172660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           172660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2077726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2077726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2077726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     87749888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     87749888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                87749888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1371092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1371092    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1371092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          4095278256                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization              15.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3601629879                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             13.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               3990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           703101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq           996524                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           700546                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          700545                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2111492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2112172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     90066944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               90088704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          996524                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2404161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.414500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.492636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                1407637     58.55%     58.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                 996524     41.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2404161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1406919500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            539508                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1065341162                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
