
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000476                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   475552000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  475552000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                              102852654                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 276856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 82626                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 79372                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 82635                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 78892                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 79911                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 82560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 82806                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 80499                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               649301                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       411072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5529                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5498                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5527                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5415                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5350                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5500                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5539                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            454846                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  10995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  11115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  11118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  11112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 88160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5498                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5527                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5416                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5500                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5539                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                50197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                173747561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                166904986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                173766486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                165895633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                168038406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                173608775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                174126068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                169274864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1365362778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         864410201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                11626489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                11561301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                11622283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                11388870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                11386767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                11250084                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                11565507                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                11647517                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              956459020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         864410201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               185374050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               178466288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               185388769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               177284503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               179425173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               184858859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               185691575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               180922381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2321821799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55373                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             390.859535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.587292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      390.859535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.763398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1137                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1137                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    598271123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    598271123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    653921249                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    653921249                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1252192372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1252192372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1252192372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1252192372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          45433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.809786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.809786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.954605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.861251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.861251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 16261.344432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16261.344432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 27349.278503                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27349.278503                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 20628.859030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20628.859030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 20628.859030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20628.859030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       775639                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66482                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.666902                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    540766367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540766367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    617095733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617095733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1157862100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1157862100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1157862100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1157862100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    641214054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    641214054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    990476120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    990476120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1631690174                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1631690174                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.809786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.954605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 14698.332935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14698.332935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 25809.106357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25809.106357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19074.843907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19074.843907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 19074.843907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19074.843907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99552                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55312                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.170580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.597712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      391.170580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.764005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338702                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338702                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           24184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    591998971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    591998971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    660686123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    660686123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1252685094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1252685094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1252685094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1252685094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         25329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.807905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.860707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.860707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 16235.162654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16235.162654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 27319.141705                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27319.141705                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 20655.010784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20655.010784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 20655.010784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20655.010784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       776857                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66458                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.689443                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        24184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    534984781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    534984781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    623377675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    623377675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1158362456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1158362456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1158362456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1158362456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    640712682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    640712682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    989782156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    989782156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1630494838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1630494838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.807905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954795                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954795                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 14671.587895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14671.587895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 25776.450339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25776.450339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19099.763488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19099.763488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 19099.763488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19099.763488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99606                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55482                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.646892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      391.646892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.764935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338700                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338700                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           24109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    592390101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    592390101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    664239589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    664239589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1256629690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1256629690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1256629690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1256629690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.806095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.953377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.858947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.858947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 16265.069630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16265.069630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 27551.519723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27551.519723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 20760.444243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20760.444243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 20760.444243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20760.444243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       773028                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.691289                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        24109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    535479769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    535479769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    627082203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    627082203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1162561972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1162561972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1162561972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1162561972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    634925616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    634925616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    991782664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    991782664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1626708280                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1626708280                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.806095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.953377                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953377                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.858947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.858947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 14702.500453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14702.500453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 26010.295035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26010.295035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19206.376541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19206.376541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 19206.376541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19206.376541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99549                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55104                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.032656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      391.032656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.763736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.779297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338332                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           24013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    590001438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    590001438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    660132360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    660132360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1250133798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1250133798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1250133798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1250133798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.808472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.860242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.860242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 16151.148043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16151.148043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 27490.624245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27490.624245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 20648.692632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20648.692632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 20648.692632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20648.692632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       774871                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66332                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.681707                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        24013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    532881722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    532881722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    623079094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    623079094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1155960816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1155960816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1155960816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1155960816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    642783574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    642783574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    972713175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    972713175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1615496749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1615496749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.808472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953086                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953086                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.860242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.860242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 14587.509499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14587.509499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 25947.573981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25947.573981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19093.219959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19093.219959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 19093.219959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19093.219959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99755                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55257                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22302                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.084224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.596660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      391.084224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.763836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.763672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    590829220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    590829220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    656323200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    656323200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1247152420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1247152420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1247152420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1247152420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         24931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.805245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.956520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.858830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.858830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 16142.874863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16142.874863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 27522.254372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27522.254372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 20632.164045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20632.164045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 20632.164045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20632.164045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       780817                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66569                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.729439                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    533635904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533635904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    619552810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619552810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1153188714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1153188714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1153188714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1153188714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    651255905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    651255905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    973411350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    973411350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1624667255                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1624667255                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.805245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.956520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 14580.215956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14580.215956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 25980.324988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25980.324988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19077.683160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19077.683160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 19077.683160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19077.683160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99495                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          54912                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             389.508075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.592992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      389.508075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.760758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.760758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.806641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337023                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337023                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    593740716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    593740716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    656837719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    656837719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1250578435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1250578435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1250578435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1250578435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.808730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.860060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.860060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 16299.915335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16299.915335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 27536.901815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27536.901815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 20746.502679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20746.502679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 20746.502679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20746.502679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       781949                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66475                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.763054                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    536794980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    536794980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    620108209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    620108209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1156903189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1156903189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1156903189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1156903189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    648821919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    648821919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    955346733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    955346733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1604168652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1604168652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.808730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952368                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952368                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 14736.588700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14736.588700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 25997.074121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25997.074121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19192.474809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19192.474809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 19192.474809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19192.474809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99492                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55188                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             390.749630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.599688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      390.749630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.763183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337459                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    592106528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    592106528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    650271582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    650271582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1242378110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1242378110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1242378110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1242378110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         25065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.807170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953800                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953800                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.859526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.859526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 16253.267307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16253.267307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 27200.049442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27200.049442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 20590.651010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20590.651010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 20590.651010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20590.651010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       773385                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.688379                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    535158836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    535158836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    613445646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    613445646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1148604482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148604482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1148604482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148604482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    648116847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    648116847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    997038722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    997038722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1645155569                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1645155569                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.807170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953800                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953800                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 14690.058633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14690.058633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 25659.666458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25659.666458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19036.486435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19036.486435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 19036.486435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19036.486435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99953                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55743                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.668569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               23039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.589913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      393.668569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.768884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              340053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             340053                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           24152                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24152                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    595212008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    595212008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    656742976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    656742976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1251954984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1251954984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1251954984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1251954984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         25340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.806136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.858785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.858785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 16262.178848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16262.178848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 27192.074197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27192.074197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 20607.294850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20607.294850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 20607.294850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20607.294850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       772653                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66243                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.663919                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        24152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    538040158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538040158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    619565494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619565494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1157605652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1157605652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1157605652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1157605652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    639132078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    639132078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    986824111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    986824111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1625956189                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1625956189                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.806136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.858785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.858785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 14700.149122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14700.149122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 25652.761428                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25652.761428                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19054.296117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19054.296117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 19054.296117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19054.296117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    13510                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  783.849989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     151949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    14294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    10.630264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     725.717756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             7.606207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             7.042760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             7.314362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             7.280142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.903512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             7.337678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             7.211948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             7.435623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.708709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.007428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.006878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.007143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.007110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.006742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.007166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.007043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.007261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.765479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          680                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  1986932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 1986932                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0                   10772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1                   10720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2                   10796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3                   10828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4                   10876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5                   10784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6                   10725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7                   10741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                  86242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           77037                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                77037                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  331                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  373                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  363                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  353                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  321                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  363                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  346                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  366                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2816                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  2031                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1999                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1974                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  2000                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1993                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1967                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1970                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                15914                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  102156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12803                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12770                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12764                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12692                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 102156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0                   731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1                   674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2                   746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3                   694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4                   702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5                   746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6                   722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7                   727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                 5742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1949                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               2075                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               2001                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               2024                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               1976                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               1982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               1991                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               1901                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15899                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4373                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4324                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4508                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4412                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4451                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4229                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              35131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   4998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   4951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 40873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  4998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  4951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                40873                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0        45095926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1        41549422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2        46449929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3        42922928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4        43252423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5        45919927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6        44260438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7        44979437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      354430430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     56379995                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     59258495                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     58685995                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     56511495                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     59771492                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     56753497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     61514994                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     54850495                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    463726458                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     240858936                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     238452262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     247966448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     242840437                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     244973443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     243557270                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     233129438                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     242077945                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1933856179                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        285954862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        280001684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        294416377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        285763365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        288225866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        289477197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        277389876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        287057382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2288286609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       285954862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       280001684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       294416377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       285763365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       288225866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       289477197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       277389876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       287057382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2288286609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0               11503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1               11394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2               11542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3               11522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4               11578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5               11530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6               11447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7               11468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total              91984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        77037                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            77037                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2280                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2448                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2364                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2377                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2297                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2345                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2337                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2267                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18715                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6323                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6482                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6412                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6444                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6409                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6375                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            51045                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                18024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                18022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              143029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               18024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               18022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             143029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0           0.063549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1           0.059154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2           0.064634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3           0.060233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4           0.060632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5           0.064701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6           0.063073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7           0.063394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.062424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.854825                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.847631                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.846447                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.851493                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.860253                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.845203                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.851947                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.838553                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.849532                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.682854                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.683853                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.695464                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.688085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.690720                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.691059                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.682537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.690980                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.688236                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.285028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.282102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.291500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.284711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.285928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.288478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.280621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.287620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.285767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.285028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.282102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.291500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.284711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.285928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.288478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.280621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.287620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.285767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 61690.733242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 61646.026706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 62265.320375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 61848.599424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 61613.138177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 61554.861930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 61302.545706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 61869.927098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61725.954371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 28927.652642                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 28558.310843                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 29328.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 27920.699111                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 30248.730769                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 28634.458628                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 30896.531391                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 28853.495529                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29167.020442                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55078.649897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55146.221554                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55005.866903                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55040.896872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55037.843855                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 54991.481147                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55126.374557                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 54955.265607                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55047.000626                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 56025.639107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 56022.745898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 56036.615341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55966.189777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55933.604890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55937.622609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 56027.040194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55934.797740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55985.286350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 56025.639107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 56022.745898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 56036.615341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55966.189777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55933.604890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55937.622609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 56027.040194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55934.797740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55985.286350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             17581                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     3250                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5.409538                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6423                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6423                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                  6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                 13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                  8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                 10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                  5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                 11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                  4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu1               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu3               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                  7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0              725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1              661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2              738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3              690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4              692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5              741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6              711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7              723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1949                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          2074                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          2001                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          2023                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          1976                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          1982                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          1991                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          1901                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15897                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4402                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         35092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              4978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              4940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            40773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             4978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             4940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           40773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     36140918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     33131910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     37333917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     34463914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     34507911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     36862423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     35293427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     36098935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283833355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     82188451                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     87682473                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     84603955                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     85652462                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     83560954                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     83969963                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     84367474                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     80329284                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    672355016                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    188025870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    186115345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    193429372                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    189404867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    191140359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    189945201                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    182082372                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    188836863                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1508980249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    224166788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    219247255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    230763289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    223868781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    225648270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    226807624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    217375799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    224935798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792813604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    224166788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    219247255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    230763289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    223868781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    225648270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    226807624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    217375799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    224935798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792813604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    419997297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    420394389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    416554764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    421667758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    426680271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    424776767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    425015068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    419160275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3374246589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    245735705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    245037892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    243130891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    240328902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    241689545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    236933897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    244635896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    245230718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1942723446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    665733002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    665432281                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    659685655                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    661996660                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    668369816                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    661710664                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    669650964                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    664390993                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5316970035                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.063027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.058013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.063940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.059885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.059769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.064267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.062112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.063045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.854825                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.847222                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.846447                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.851073                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.860253                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.845203                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.851947                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.838553                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849426                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.682074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.682746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.695002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.687149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.689323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.690123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.682537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.690510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.687472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.284414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.280973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.290890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.284153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.284874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.287864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.279998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.287227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.285068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.284414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.280973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.290890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.284153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.284874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.287864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.279998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.287227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 49849.542069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 50123.918306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 50587.963415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 49947.701449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 49866.923410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 49746.859649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 49639.137834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 49929.370678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49961.864989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42169.548999                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42276.987946                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42280.837081                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42339.328720                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42287.932186                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42366.278002                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42374.421899                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42256.330352                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42294.459080                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43046.215659                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43112.194811                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42936.597558                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42987.940763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43030.247411                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42944.879267                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43055.656656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42897.969786                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43000.691012                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 44014.684469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 44043.241262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 44013.596986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43930.294545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43951.747176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43920.918668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 44003.198178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43889.911805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43970.608098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 44014.684469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 44043.241262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 44013.596986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43930.294545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43951.747176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43920.918668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 44003.198178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43889.911805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43970.608098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               84922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43774                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            58524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           47755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             50059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       423382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 423382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1104141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1104141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            57586                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            124108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  124108    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              124108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           285888056                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              60.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          306910429                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             64.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             371514                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            371497                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43774                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43771                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            77037                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29480                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29478                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           162492                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          162484                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       121222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       121108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       121316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       121170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       121269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       120825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       121366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                969045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1773466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1761542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1792162                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1783057                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1785037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1774053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1756466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1780883                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14206666                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          322486                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           565861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                 565861    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             565861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          447470354                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             94.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         102002382                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         101806870                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         101634818                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         101702738                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         101696707                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         101422885                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            21.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         101516818                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            21.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         101999422                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
