
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000768                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   768087000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  768087000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 135678                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   261640                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              187509742                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 656324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      555770                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1071742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          12864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         274176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::l2.prefetcher       849280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1136320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         12864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::l2.prefetcher        13270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          16748103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         356959563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::l2.prefetcher    1105708077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1479415743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     16748103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         16748103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         16748103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        356959563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::l2.prefetcher   1105708077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1479415743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17755                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17755                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1136320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1136320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     768005500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17755                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    3273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                    3266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                     105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    861.766313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   716.634553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   320.771223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           80      6.07%      6.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           73      5.54%     11.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           40      3.03%     14.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           19      1.44%     16.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           29      2.20%     18.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      1.67%     19.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      2.50%     22.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      2.35%     24.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          991     75.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    276633195                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               609539445                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   88775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15580.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34330.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1479.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1479.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    11.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       4.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    16436                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      43255.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  5397840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  2945250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                72352800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy             49838880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            344122110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            156138750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              630795630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            826.369370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    255444738                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      25480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     483583762                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  4498200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  2454375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                64950600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy             49838880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            293961825                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            200118000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              615821880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            806.790107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    331359258                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      25480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     411214492                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                 181176                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted           181176                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             3224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups               84367                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                  80326                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            95.210213                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  28987                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               102                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                   6                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                         1536175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            164039                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        777442                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                     181176                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            109313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      1350274                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   6694                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1471                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   153874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  781                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples           1519240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.981961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.325248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                 1253295     82.49%     82.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16013      1.05%     83.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   15812      1.04%     84.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   18118      1.19%     85.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   34088      2.24%     88.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   32983      2.17%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   39151      2.58%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24570      1.62%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                   85210      5.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total             1519240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.117940                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.506089                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   61313                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              1266386                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   130479                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                57715                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3347                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               1406904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3347                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   86958                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 455641                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1291                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   155566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               816437                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               1399820                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 53300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                736452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            1677617                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups              3288910                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         2039476                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             2691                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              1270126                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  407452                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                24                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            24                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   358447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              103063                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             115419                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            13153                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   1380467                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2264                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  1263496                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              240                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         309098                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       478633                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           243                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1519240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.831663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.827024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1189916     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              56016      3.69%     82.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              45858      3.02%     85.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              44651      2.94%     87.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              43812      2.88%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              59303      3.90%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              54379      3.58%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18666      1.23%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               6639      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        1519240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  23983     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    5      0.02%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3476     11.42%     90.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2966      9.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3530      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              1049033     83.03%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 331      0.03%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13290      1.05%     84.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                938      0.07%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               93171      7.37%     91.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             103203      8.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               1263496                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.822495                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      30430                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.024084                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           4072016                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          1689224                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1257487                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               4882                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              2629                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         2412                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               1287953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   2443                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           39354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26329                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           25                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25938                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3347                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 234448                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               190285                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            1382731                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               103063                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              115419                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                18                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5366                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               175854                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            25                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           663                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3664                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                4327                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              1260972                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                92760                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             2520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      195538                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  144278                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    102778                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.820852                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       1260501                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      1259899                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                   783140                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  1299548                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.820153                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.602625                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         310965                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           2021                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             3326                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1478119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.725072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.964464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1234155     83.49%     83.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        33138      2.24%     85.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        62326      4.22%     89.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        24980      1.69%     91.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        14357      0.97%     92.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19115      1.29%     93.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9514      0.64%     94.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        15347      1.04%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        65187      4.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1478119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              555770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               1071742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        166212                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                        76733                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                       2014                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    134506                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      2363                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  1065679                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               28299                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3333      0.31%      0.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          887684     82.83%     83.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            329      0.03%     83.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13286      1.24%     84.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           898      0.08%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          76733      7.16%     91.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         89479      8.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          1071742                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                65187                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                     2795639                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    2806647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          16935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     555770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      1071742                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.764048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.764048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.361788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.361788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 1741037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                1035289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     2509                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    1897                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                   538317                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                  424723                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 482760                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                     1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            16398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          818.584645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             124555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            17422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.149294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        300578000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   818.584645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.799399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           302924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          302924                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        51734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        72821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         72821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       124555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          124555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       124555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         124555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         1566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        16630                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        16630                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        18196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         18196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        18196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        18196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33233784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33233784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    525533256                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    525533256                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    558767040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    558767040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    558767040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    558767040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        53300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        89451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        89451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       142751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       142751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.185912                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.185912                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.127467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.127467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21222.084291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21222.084291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31601.518701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31601.518701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30708.234777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30708.234777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30708.234777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30708.234777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          497                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.700000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          773                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          773                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16675489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16675489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    499709242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    499709242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    516384731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    516384731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    516384731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    516384731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.185062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19189.285386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19189.285386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30186.616044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30186.616044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29638.106583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29638.106583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29638.106583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29638.106583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               48                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          271.679584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             153469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           470.763804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   271.679584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.530624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.530624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.542969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           308074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          308074                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       153469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         153469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       153469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          153469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       153469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         153469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24923258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     24923258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24923258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     24923258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24923258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     24923258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       153874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       153874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       153874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       153874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       153874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       153874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61538.908642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61538.908642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61538.908642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61538.908642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61538.908642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61538.908642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           79                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19728242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19728242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19728242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19728242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19728242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19728242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60516.079755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60516.079755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60516.079755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60516.079755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60516.079755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60516.079755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                 nan                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            26500                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified               29876                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                 3361                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                     0                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  6357.386371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       13301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     16731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.794991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5068.488809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       193.732617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data        68.830861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::l2.prefetcher  1026.334085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.154678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.005912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.002101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::l2.prefetcher     0.031321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.194012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          1169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         15562                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         1157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        12512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.035675                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.474915                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    306052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   306052                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                 124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                 798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                     922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16347                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16347                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             12340                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 12340                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                13138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    13262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               13138                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   13262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst               202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data                71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            4214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18093992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7306489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        25400481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    353584243                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     353584243                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18093992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    360890732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        378984724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18093992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    360890732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       378984724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst             326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                1195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16347                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16347                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         16554                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             16554                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            17423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                17749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           17423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               17749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.619632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.228452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.254561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.619632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.245939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.252803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.619632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.245939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.252803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89574.217822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102908.295775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93042.054945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83907.034409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83907.034409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89574.217822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84221.874446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84462.831290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89574.217822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84221.874446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84462.831290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::l2.prefetcher        13278                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total          13278                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           4214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::l2.prefetcher        13278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15534008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6420011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21954019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher    840658765                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    840658765                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    302354757                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    302354757                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15534008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    308774768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    324308776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15534008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    308774768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher    840658765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1164967541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.616564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.227615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.616564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.245939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.252747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.616564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.245939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      1.000845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77283.621891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90422.690141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80713.305147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 63312.152809                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63312.152809                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71750.060987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71750.060987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77283.621891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72059.455776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72293.530094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77283.621891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72059.455776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 63312.152809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65580.248874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        35510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        35510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  35510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1136320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1136320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1136320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17755    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            19443266                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           90578667                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             11.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            16347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq            23235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            16554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           16553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        51192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 51844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        20864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2161216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2182080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           23235                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            57331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.405278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.490950                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                  34096     59.47%     59.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                  23235     40.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              57331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           33395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            517258                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          26407768                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
